6115 total count only connection (#6554)
neo4j/graphql: .changeset/red-years-shine.md

---
"@neo4j/graphql": patch
---

> Cypher optimisation on queries with only `totalCount`. For example:

Reviewer: I would go with:
```suggestion
Improved performance for Connection queries for cases when only `totalCount` is requested.
```
